# Task Management

Task management is done in both the "Project View" and the "Task View" pages. Tasks are laid out in three columns:

- TODO
- DOING
- DONE

Each column corisponds to a different state of the task. TODO is the default state, this is where new tasks are placed. DOING is the state of tasks that are being worked on. DONE is the state of tasks that have been completed. As you work on tasks, you move them from the TODO column to the DOING column. As you complete tasks, you move them from the DOING column to the DONE column.

## Adding a Task

To add a task, click the "Add Task" button in the upper right corner of the "Project View" page. This will open the "TaskAdd" page that allows you to enter the task task and description. Then click the "Create Task" button to create the task. Once created it will be placed in the "TODO" column.

## Editing a Task

To edit a task, click on the task in the "Project View" page. This will open the "TaskView" page. Here you can see & edit the task title and description. Then click the "Update Task" button to save the changes. You can also change the state of the task by selecting the radio buttons on the right side of the page. Once done clicking the "Save" button will return you to the "Project View" page, with the task being updated.

## Deleting a Task

To delete a task, navigate to the "Task View" by clicking on the task in the "Project View" page. This will open the "TaskView" page. Then click the "Delete" button to delete the task. This will return you to the "Project View" page, with the task being deleted.

## Subtasks

To learn about subtasks and how to add them, navigate to `8.Subtask Management.md`.
